Name: Stefanie Shidoosh
UID: 804794484 

Q1. Why did Brady's patch remove the line "case_long_iso_time_style:"? 
Was it necessary to remove that line? Explain.
	The line in the siwtch statement was removed because it 
	was a goto, therefore not usefyl. Additionally, it was redundant 
	as it was listed twice, thus the control flow 
	would consider it in the subsequent case. 
	It was not necessarily necessary to remove it, 
	but ultimately increases the readability of the code. 

Q2. If your company adopts this 
patched version of Coreutils instead of the default one, 
what else should you watch out for? 
Might this new version of Coreutils 
introduce other problems with your application, perhaps 
in countries where users don't speak English 
and don't understand English-format dates?
	One aspect of the patch the company would want to watch out for 
	is the significance of finding the last time (as in hour:minute) 
	for files older than a year, considering this patch does
	not show such information with the ls -l command. 
	This version is very much American and English specific, which causes
	problems for users who are not accustomed to American date formatting 
	and English name. Say, many other countries note the date 
	like the pre-patched version. Moreover, and even more troublesome, 
	non-English speakers would encounter a translation barrier 
	when simply just trying to find the last modified date. 

Q3. What happens when this script is invoked 
on an empty file like /dev/null, and why?
	The error IndexError: list index out of range outputs. 
	This is because when the random.choice() is invoked, 
	the seq argument passed (lines of passed file) is empty. 
	The error raise is explicitly defined in File 
	"/usr/local/cs/Python-2.7.14/lib/python2.7/random.py", 
	line 277, in choice
    	return seq[int(self.random() * len(seq))]  
	# raises IndexError if seq is empty
	
Q4. What happens when this script is invoked
with Python 3 rather than Python 2, and why?
	The error except IOError as (errno, strerror):
        	              ^
	SyntaxError: invalid syntax outputs
	This is because python3 does not support IOError, 
	instead merging it with OSError. 
	In other words, python3 incorporates the IOError 
	into definition of OSError. 	
